30 DAYS OF JAVASRIPT
This is a 30 days of my consistent journey on javascript, minimum of 2 hours daily and maximum of more. 
In this journey i will be documenting all my learning process to help others that would want to learn as well.
I will make this journey documented or journalled properly.


What is programming?
A programming language is a set of instructions, written 
in a specific syntax, which tells a computer what tasks to 
perform and how to perform.

DEFINITION OF SYNTAX
Synax is the set of rules and symbols that define how to write and structure a code in a programming language. 

SEMANTICS
 Semantics is about what the code actually does or means.

For you to start your coding or 

INTRODUCTION TO JAVASCRIPT
* What is javascript all about?
    - JavaScript is a programming language that runs in the browser to make web pages interactive. It can also run on servers (Node.js)
* What are Variables?
    - Variables are like containers that are use to store data, such as numbers, strings etc.
* DataTypes
There are two types of Data TYpes 
1. Primitive Data types 
    These holds single values and are stored directly in memory. 
    Examples: 
    1. Number: This represents any numeric value (whole numbers or decimal numbers).
    a. integer - int (numbers that are not decimals)
    let age = 31;
    b. float - numbers that are decimals.
    let pi = 3.14;

    2. String: This are letter or alphabetical characters that are enclosed in a single or double quote for them to be understood by the compiler. 
    Example: "hello World" or 'hello world'

    3. Boolean: These declares a (true or false) in a statement. Often used in logic and conditions.
    let isHappy = true; 

    4. Null: This represents no value or empty (intentionally). Null is used when you want to explicitly indicate that something doesn’t have a value or reference.
    let nothing = null;

    5. Undefined: This represents a variable that has not been assigned a value yet. notDefined is a variable that has no value assigned to it, so its value is undefined.
    let notDefined; 


2. Non - Primitive Data Types
    These are objects, arrays, functions, and more complex structures that store multiple values or references to data.

    1. Object: These are objects, arrays, functions, and more complex structures that store multiple values or references to data.
    let person = { name: "John", age: 25 };

    2. Array: An array is an ordered collection of items, usually of the same type.
    let fruits = ["apple", "banana", "cherry"];

    3. Function: A function is a block of code designed to perform a specific task.
    function greet() { console.log("Hi!"); }
    greet()
    
